README.md, before:

# Help me out: RequireJS & Bower

## Here's the deal

I've been cranking out some might-fine components that use [Bower](http://bower.io). I'm not a [RequireJS](http://requirejs.org) kind of guy, but a lot of my users are. I don't know the best way to setup dependencies for them.

If you have any feedback, please provide it in the [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/desandro/requirejs-bower-homework/issues).

## The example

This repo has several versions of the same example. I'm trying to figure out the best way to implement it.

The example is set up like a project using Bower. It uses two components. Here's their file structure:

    components/
      greeter/
        greeter.js
      recipient/
        recipient.js
        name.js

And their dependency structure:

    greeter/greeter
      recipient/recipient
        recipient/name

`greeter/greeter` relies on `recipient/recipient`. `recipient/recipient` relies on `recipient/name`.

I've put together three versions:

### config-aliases-main

My initial attempt is to use shorthand aliases for dependencies. Users then have to set up these aliases as [config paths](http://requirejs.org/docs/api.html#config-paths).

``` js
// main script file base.js
requirejs.config({
  paths: {
    greeter: 'components/greeter/greeter',
    recipient: 'components/recipient/recipient'
  }
});

requirejs( [ 'greeter' ], function( Greeter ) {
  new Greeter();
});
```

Aliases can then be used for dependencies.

``` js
// greeter.js
define([ 'recipient' ], function( Recipient ) {
```

But this doesn't work as it breaks relative dependencies.

``` js
// recipient/recipient.js relies on recipient/name.js
define( [ './name' ], function( recipientName ) {
```

No dice.

    GET http://localhost/requirejs-bower-homework/config-aliases-main/name.js 404 (Not Found) 

Provide your feedback for this example in [issue #1](https://github.com/desandro/requirejs-bower-homework/issues/1).

### config-aliases-all

To remedy this, I could require users to setup aliases for every file necessary.

``` js
requirejs.config({
  paths: {
    greeter: 'components/greeter/greeter',
    recipient: 'components/recipient/recipient',
    'recipient-name': 'components/recipient/name'
  }
});
```

``` js
// recipient/recipient.js
define( [ 'recipient-name' ], function( recipientName ) {
```

It works, but this seems a bit heavy-handed and hard to automate. Provide your feedback for this example in [issue #2](https://github.com/desandro/requirejs-bower-homework/issues/2).

### component-path

Instead of using aliases, the **component-path** example uses the component path.

``` js
// base.js
requirejs( [ 'components/greeter/greeter' ], function( Greeter ) {
```

``` js
// greeter.js
define([ 'components/recipient/recipient' ], function( Recipient ) {
```

This can still work if the main script is not in the root directory, by providing a config path to `components`.

``` js
// deep/logic/far-out.js
requirejs.config({
  paths: {
    components: '../../components'
  }
});

requirejs( [ 'components/greeter/greeter' ], function( Greeter ) {
```

This seems to be the most efficient way to handle Bower dependencies. However, I'm worried that it relies too much on the Bower file structure. Provide your feedback for this example in [issue #3](https://github.com/desandro/requirejs-bower-homework/issues/3).

### Another way

If you have a better way of handing dependencies with RequireJS, just open up a [new issue](https://github.com/desandro/requirejs-bower-homework/issues/new), or better yet, fork this project and add in your example with a Pull Request.

## Components

These projects all use Bower to manage dependencies. Your assistance would go a long way.

+ [Masonry](https://github.com/desandro/masonry)
+ [Isotope](https://github.com/desandro/isotope) (eventually)
+ [Packery](https://github.com/metafizzy/packery/)
+ [imagesLoaded](https://github.com/desandro/imagesloaded)
+ [Draggabilly](https://github.com/desandro/draggabilly)

Commit message:

readme for config-alias-dir

README.md, after:

# Help me out: RequireJS & Bower

## Here's the deal

I've been cranking out some might-fine components that use [Bower](http://bower.io). I'm not a [RequireJS](http://requirejs.org) kind of guy, but a lot of my users are. I don't know the best way to setup dependencies for them.

If you have any feedback, please provide it in the [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/desandro/requirejs-bower-homework/issues).

## The example

This repo has several versions of the same example. I'm trying to figure out the best way to implement it.

The example is set up like a project using Bower. It uses two components. Here's their file structure:

    components/
      greeter/
        greeter.js
      recipient/
        recipient.js
        name.js

And their dependency structure:

    greeter/greeter
      recipient/recipient
        recipient/name

`greeter/greeter` relies on `recipient/recipient`. `recipient/recipient` relies on `recipient/name`.

I've put together three versions:

### config-aliases-main

My initial attempt is to use shorthand aliases for dependencies. Users then have to set up these aliases as [config paths](http://requirejs.org/docs/api.html#config-paths).

``` js
// main script file base.js
requirejs.config({
  paths: {
    greeter: 'components/greeter/greeter',
    recipient: 'components/recipient/recipient'
  }
});

requirejs( [ 'greeter' ], function( Greeter ) {
  new Greeter();
});
```

Aliases can then be used for dependencies.

``` js
// greeter.js
define([ 'recipient' ], function( Recipient ) {
```

But this doesn't work as it breaks relative dependencies.

``` js
// recipient/recipient.js relies on recipient/name.js
define( [ './name' ], function( recipientName ) {
```

No dice.

    GET http://localhost/requirejs-bower-homework/config-aliases-main/name.js 404 (Not Found) 

Provide your feedback for this example in [issue #1](https://github.com/desandro/requirejs-bower-homework/issues/1).

### config-aliases-all

To remedy this, I could require users to setup aliases for every file necessary.

``` js
requirejs.config({
  paths: {
    greeter: 'components/greeter/greeter',
    recipient: 'components/recipient/recipient',
    'recipient-name': 'components/recipient/name'
  }
});
```

``` js
// recipient/recipient.js
define( [ 'recipient-name' ], function( recipientName ) {
```

It works, but this seems a bit heavy-handed and hard to automate. Provide your feedback for this example in [issue #2](https://github.com/desandro/requirejs-bower-homework/issues/2).

### config-alias-dir

[@necolas recommends](https://github.com/desandro/requirejs-bower-homework/issues/1#issuecomment-21087146) _Configure the path to point to the lib roots._

``` js
  paths: {
    greeter: 'components/greeter',
    recipient: 'components/recipient'
  }
```

Keep discussion on [Issue #1](https://github.com/desandro/requirejs-bower-homework/issues/1)


### component-path

Instead of using aliases, the **component-path** example uses the component path.

``` js
// base.js
requirejs( [ 'components/greeter/greeter' ], function( Greeter ) {
```

``` js
// greeter.js
define([ 'components/recipient/recipient' ], function( Recipient ) {
```

This can still work if the main script is not in the root directory, by providing a config path to `components`.

``` js
// deep/logic/far-out.js
requirejs.config({
  paths: {
    components: '../../components'
  }
});

requirejs( [ 'components/greeter/greeter' ], function( Greeter ) {
```

This seems to be the most efficient way to handle Bower dependencies. However, I'm worried that it relies too much on the Bower file structure. Provide your feedback for this example in [issue #3](https://github.com/desandro/requirejs-bower-homework/issues/3).

### Another way

If you have a better way of handing dependencies with RequireJS, just open up a [new issue](https://github.com/desandro/requirejs-bower-homework/issues/new), or better yet, fork this project and add in your example with a Pull Request.

## Components

These projects all use Bower to manage dependencies. Your assistance would go a long way.

+ [Masonry](https://github.com/desandro/masonry)
+ [Isotope](https://github.com/desandro/isotope) (eventually)
+ [Packery](https://github.com/metafizzy/packery/)
+ [imagesLoaded](https://github.com/desandro/imagesloaded)
+ [Draggabilly](https://github.com/desandro/draggabilly)
